blurring the line between man and machine
we blur the line between man and god
[music]
from the screenwriter 28 days later and scorched in
The coming days are waiting for you the role of man in
kyu ring test sometime cars
will treat us like we do
fossil
[music]
Hello
what do you say about her she is amazing
impressed yes you want to be my friend
of course now the question is how is she
treats you you think of me
when I'm not around you gave it to
sexuality for distraction
You are being told the complexes are not
intelligence you knew that I was testing you
you really like it or
only pretends to it he doesn't you
friend and wrong is wrong
in all
do you want to talk to me about
you lied to me tsp
help me help not
what will happen if I do not pass the test
from the car
soon in cinemas